hello this is darrell Reinhart I'm with
the woodys automotive group in
Chillicothe Missouri that's Wow Woody's
calm today we've got a 2013 brand-new
Jeep Grand Cherokee this is the icon of
the industry and four-wheel-drive
vehicles top-of-the-line overland this
has some fantastic features on I want to
show you i'm now sitting in the driver's
seat of this fantastic 2013 jeep grand
cherokee overland black with this
beautiful tan interior luxurious leather
seating air-conditioned heated seats
plus good beautiful wood trim not only
on your steering wheel but throughout
the vehicle this thing has every I think
every known feature demand at this time
it is really really fantastic not only
does it have a height adjustment for you
for on-road and off-road it's got that
great four-wheel drive capability and
all the different settings from snow to
sport sand to rock 4-wheel drive
capability jeep is the icon in the
industry as far as four wheel drives
this thing is just lights up like the
like the cockpit of an airplane whenever
you turn it on just all kinds of
controls here ergonomics of it are
fantastic just a wonderful heated
steering wheel on this particular
vehicle all your controls to be able to
control not on your navigation but
you're you're you connect your all of
the features that you have on this
particular vehicle along with that
heated steering wheel which makes us a
comfortable drive and ride all of the
controls are so easy to get a hold of on
this particular vehicle it is just a
luxury vehicle to drive not only on road
but off-road this is trail rated it'll
do just as much off road as it will on
road on this particular vehicle and it's
got them it's got everything I'm now in
the backseat of this 2013 grand cherokee
overland listen these seats recline I
could take a nap back here as we're
riding along this is so comfortable
heated seats back here in the back cut a
plug in for your your
115 volt if you want to be able to plug
those items in like your computer that
won't run off of your 12 volt systems
and everything just a fantastic sunroof
in this vehicle you can see everything
from this backseat looking through that
sunroof fantastic sound system in this
vehicle with a sub woofer in the back
whoa you know if this person could just
get pretty lazy sitting in the back seat
of one of these I'm now at the rear of
this 2013 grand cherokee this is the
Overland edition as you can see a great
design on the back of this vehicle got a
good tow package to the dual exhaust on
the back at the back up camera one of
the greatest features safety features to
come along okay some child would have to
be behind you or a bicycle or something
you can see as you're backing up on it
it's got the remote to be able to get
into your trunk area when you got those
groceries in your hands look at the
chrome trim on the inside of this that
big sub woofer over here on the side
with your power outlet not only that
you've got the privacy cover here that
will remove back seats fold down just
tremendous volume in the back of this
vehicle this is a cool vehicle to be
driving around and it really really
looks good goes along with the remote
start on this vehicle like I said it's
got all of the features looks good
drives good both on and off road I'm now
in a passenger side of this 2013 jeep
grand cherokee overton 20 inch aluminum
wheels those huge breaks in those those
disc brakes both front and back for
great stopping ability on this great
access to the back seat on this plenty
of room very plush on the inside got the
step ups out here on the side the rail
so you can step up into this beautiful
trim on this particular vehicle of
course the power seats on both the
passenger and driver side those airbags
front and side protect that those loved
ones that you'll be handling and having
in this vehicle taking and writing has
the turn lights on the side so you can
give those patient those other people
driving along the visibility they need
here we are under the
this 2013 jeep grand cherokee this is
the overland edition really really nice
and yep it's got a Hemi in it 5.7 Hemi
plenty of power to pull you down the
road that off-road pork that you need in
those positions when you get off road
and you need the power of getting
wherever you need to go it's got it all
this vehicle here if you're interested
in this vehicle please contact one of
our friendly vehicle advisors at wow
Woody's calm today they'll be glad to
show you this vehicle and also if this
is not the vehicle you're interested in
they'll be glad to show you any of the
over 700 certified cars trucks and SUVs
that we have available here at woodys
automotive group and if if we don't have
the vehicle you're interested we'll go
out and find that vehicle for you and it
will be independently verified among the
lowest priced in the nation Wow Woody's
calm until the next time Wow